welcome tonight sailing we need you
episode 143 so chibi uses at school with
her friends and that's this Nuala really
attracted cute soccer player guy and she
used to kinda has a crush on him yeah
and of course the dead moon circus
targets this cute guy and fish eyes like
oh my god he's gorgeous I did love him
girl
he's like seven or eight years old calm
it down your fish that's a man and so
fish eye attacks the guy to check his
dream error but telling moon and cheetah
moon come in to fight and they summon
this like horse monster thing who that
makes like multiple horses to serve is
like shield points so Sally moon and Chi
Minh are stuck inside this like shield
dome with fish ah he was a sword and is
gonna fight them and so Pegasus tries to
break through the shield to rescue them
but you can't he's not strong enough and
so Pegasus asked the soldiers like oh we
let me lend you my power and they're
like what we can't trust you we don't
really know what your deal is you're a
flying horse it just kind of comes in
whenever he feels like it
and something as this keeps trying to
break down that shield even though it's
hurting him and she be just like please
trust my friend Pegasus and they're like
alright we trust you so he gives them
power and it turns their transformation
rods into these new crystal change rods
and by accepting his power they turn
into super sailors like what the who's
super sailor soldiers yeah if it was
really that easy why didn't you just do
that earlier this season or whatever and
so with their stronger powers they're
able to break down the shield and so
they finished off the monster with the
moon words meditation and fish eyes like
yeah that's my cue to leave see you
later bye and so Pegasus flies away and
yeah gpus does not really interested in
that boy go figure
it's went to the review storyline this
episode was kind of weird why did fish I
like that guy like that's just odd
storylines the one that's for plot
development finally something happens
places you
the girls power which why didn't he do
it before whatever whatever but they've
upgraded to super sailor soldiers we
have mercury Mars Jupiter Venus a super
sailors like ya didn't know they could
do that
whoa plot development is for as far at
work it actually kind of took a dive in
this episode it wasn't just the rest of
the season oh you've artwork of too
nicely for action
Pegasus running into that shield wall
repeatedly wasn't that interesting but
the soldiers using their stronger powers
to defeat like these horse shield points
was nice in action attorney in so Salman
episode 143 writes a two and a half five